Add Capacitor Vue.js initialization docs with note about reactivity usages (#415)
RevenueCat/revenuecat-docs: docs_source/🚀 Getting Started/installation/ionic.md

  }
]
[/block]

## Vue.js

> 🚧 Important note if using Vue.js reactivity wrappers
> 

> > If using Vue.js and its reactivity wrappers like [reactive](https://vuejs.org/api/reactivity-core.html#reactive) or [readonly](https://vuejs.org/api/reactivity-core.html#readonly), make sure you pass the raw objects to the capacitor plugin methods. You can use the [toRaw](https://vuejs.org/api/reactivity-advanced.html#toraw) method for that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If using Vue.js and its Reactivity API wrappers like [reactive](https://vuejs.org/api/reactivity-core.html#reactive) or [readonly](https://vuejs.org/api/reactivity-core.html#readonly), make sure you pass the raw objects (rather than `Proxy` objects) to the Capacitor plugin methods. You can use the [toRaw](https://vuejs.org/api/reactivity-advanced.html#toraw) method to convert to the raw object.
```
